Gwenevere Abriel: We're checking on the volume here.
wasn't working.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test.
Marianne todd: Can you hear me.
Marianne todd: Yes, okay. It did the same thing when I logged into the admissions to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Marianne todd: Yeah, I had to restart my phone and call her back because nothing was working
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Marianne todd: Well, why
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't either.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me just get a little something here. I'LL SHOW. SHOW. SHOW. Yes. Okay. So today, um, I'd like to work with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Individually, if that's okay.
Marianne todd: Yeah, excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm opening up a note.
Marianne todd: Now people are pretty major things that have happened that I really need to talk to you about as well.
Marianne todd: Pain.
Marianne todd: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I do want to not only be this sort of support for kind of a listening ear and having someone to bounce things off. But I also want to continue to keep pressing forward to resolving underlying issues with gotta persevere through that, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I really want to hear what what what are you going through what what's going on.
Marianne todd: Whoa. Verse three, how to situation at work. You know how I told you I went up to customer service. So I handle doing returns cashing checks, like all a ton of financial things basically
Marianne todd: Well, nobody had made me aware that anything over $50 without a receipt as a return needed CSM approval and the computer usually it'll prompt you and tell you you need a CSM approval and you can override it without that CSM overriding it
Marianne todd: Well, I had done one return and it never popped up and said anything never said I needed to CSM approval, like my CSM was right there when I started the return and never said anything.
Marianne todd: Well then next thing I know, she's telling me you know you shouldn't have done this return and let them know what the policy was. And I was like, okay, I thought that was that.
Marianne todd: Well, the next day I got into work and they called me to the back and I got a coaching for it, which is basically like a write up
Marianne todd: Okay wasn't bad enough, then I get told a couple of hours later that I'm going to be talking about a customer service and I'm going to cuz I told them shut up. But it was a training issue that I had never been made aware of it.
Marianne todd: Because that is one thing there about about is they don't train everybody the proper way like they should
Marianne todd: And so then they told me they were going to take me off and they were going to retrain me on the as a cashier than they were going to retrain me on self checkout, then they would think about putting me up to customer service.
Marianne todd: Which really had me upset because they just don't even after talking to a couple other supervisors. They're telling me that I need to go to the store manager, because that shouldn't fall on me.
Marianne todd: That it should fall on them for not training me the proper way and making me aware of all those policies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that a lot of what this week is about is this self evaluation of how unfair. This is unfair. This is, this is horrible, like is it around that stress of
Marianne todd: Know like I think I mostly got past that like I was able to kind of like stuck that up. You know what I mean. And plus, they're still scheduling me on customer service, so I don't get it at all.
Marianne todd: But I think the thing that I'm having a hard time with is what me and bonito went through, like, and this just happened a couple of nights ago and
Marianne todd: Needless to say, I was extremely upset so you know how I talk to you a lot about him thinking I'm cheating and security and not and everything else. Well,
Marianne todd: I had actually started being more loving towards him. Okay, and two days into it. He like he started flipping out like just really angry.
Marianne todd: Didn't know what was wrong with them. So finally I asked him, I'm like Babe, what's going on.
Marianne todd: And he's like, well, you've been being really weird. The past couple of days and I think you're up to something and de de de. He's like, I know you're cheating on me.
Marianne todd: And I'm just like, Oh my God, are you serious, you know what I mean. I'm like, Why do you think that, and he's like, well, you're being more loving. I feel like you're just trying to distract me
Marianne todd: And I'm just gonna wait a minute, really. And then so um when I had ended up relaxing and using heroin, for the first time he had downloaded the spy app on my phone.
Marianne todd: And that's how he found out that I was using because I want to come forward to him about it. You know what I mean.
Marianne todd: And so he started bringing up the spy up and I told my said, I don't care if you don't download it. I said, I have nothing to hide from you. I said, I guarantee you're not going to find anything. You know what I mean.
Marianne todd: And so he downloads it and it's telling him that I'm going like 20 miles away that day.
Marianne todd: And I knew it was full of crap and he started getting he was so mad, but he was like shaking and just ready to put out
Marianne todd: Well, when I kept smarten up and down to him, like, no, that thing is full of crap that's not true. And then, so he ended up looking at the GPS on my phone and found out that he was wrong.
Marianne todd: Well all night. He continued to stay angry with me. And when I brought up. Well, I'm like, Why are you so mad like you've proven that I'm not doing anything.
Marianne todd: And then it turned into, well, I feel like you're just trying to prove me wrong. Now you're just trying to rub it in my face that you were right and blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, No, like I'm trying to get you to understand how hurt. I am
Marianne todd: Because I know I'm not doing anything in the one time in my life that I'm trying to do the right thing. I'm still being accused of doing something
Marianne todd: And. But then the next day, like I actually came home to roses and a letter and he apologized and everything, but it's still driving me nuts because I don't know what to do. You know what I mean, to get him to realize that I'm not doing anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on, hold that sentence right get him to realize
Marianne todd: That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That energy
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one you could if you wanted to. It's not your job. There is nothing that you can do to get them to realize you just did what he asked for. He gave, you gave him affection and he managed to twist that you cannot move him. You cannot get him.
Gwenevere Abriel: To realize
Gwenevere Abriel: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: On his terms it is when he's ready to let go of this and start to look at himself that the changes are going to happen.
Marianne todd: We don't know how to cope with that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, that's something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the work I want to do with you. Okay, so let's do this, remind me what kind of are you on iPad or phone
Gwenevere Abriel: Phone. Okay. Go grab. Let's do some work around this. Okay. Go grab two things that are higher than your phone that we can sit next to it. I need a about what is that about a foot and a half about 18 inches.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go grab that put them next to the phone. I'm going to go use the ladies room. I'll be right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're gonna get some
Marianne todd: I got two cans hairspray.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it.
Marianne todd: I'm just trying to get a better setup here, everything's like awkward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. What we want is so that it's off to the side so that when I do this, and I say, Look Left look right that you're actually looking at like the tops of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And the reason I'm doing that is because normally right i would have this light that you'd be watching, but it's just too small, on a phone.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me watch your eyes for a second. You might be too far away. The reason is because we need your eyes doing this, you need to be able to move about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Half. If you're so far back here. You're only moving like a
Marianne todd: Like a couple inches. Yeah, I'll hold on my screen.
Marianne todd: Okay, my stuff. Is it makes it a
Marianne todd: pain in the butt.
Marianne todd: Work, but I'll try it.
Marianne todd: Is that any better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, are you, you're right in front of it.
Yeah.
Marianne todd: You want huh
Marianne todd: It's just like
Marianne todd: But what was it, I don't have anything like
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: The cans of hairspray or to the side about 18 inches or so.
No.
Marianne todd: No, they are okay so
This would be
Gwenevere Abriel: This is 11
Marianne todd: I think maybe even
Gwenevere Abriel: Depends on how far away, or that 1111 inches might be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see your eyes moving back and forth from those tops of those two objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a little far bring them bring them in closer
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they about the width of paper.
Marianne todd: Called they were before. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so about the width. This is about 11 inches from here to here, right.
Marianne todd: In half
Gwenevere Abriel: By 11. Okay, so there are about that distance right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay. So now let me see you going back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the is not the face.
Gwenevere Abriel: And arm. How many arms, legs, are you an arm length like this elbow to fingertip away how how far away are you from those
Marianne todd: From these, like, I don't know. It's about as close as the cameras.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no. I mean, take your hand and reach
Marianne todd: Oh, like
Marianne todd: It. All right.
Marianne todd: All right here on my arm. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I think we'll be okay you you might find that you're too close. If your eyes start to get like strained. I would step pull back like five inches foot six inches. I would pull back.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to need to find that
Marianne todd: That range where you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Put because it for it to be effective. We've got to be able to do this a few iterations, quite a few iterations of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, so what I'd like to do today is we'll see if we can get into being able to do some of the bilateral stimulation
Gwenevere Abriel: For someone to do some preparation. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one, I want you to be able to either do this like stop can say stop and that can be distress in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you could be so emotionally activated that you want to stop. You could also encourage more like let's say I start to interrupt you, or something and you want to continue along that
Gwenevere Abriel: Train of Thought, you're more than welcome to also sort of signal. Now I want to keep. I want to keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to let me just double check and see if we developed
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you and I do. I don't remember who's in group and
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you develop the container feel like it did.
Marianne todd: Yeah, I did. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yours was what
Marianne todd: Pink save what sparkles all over it and a light pink.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pink safe with sparkles.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, nice. Okay, so we're going to use that right at the end, possibly, we need to sort of safe keep what we're doing. We'll put it there and it has a lock and you have the key.
Marianne todd: Mm hmm client on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, another one I want to do important for this process is let's do some imagery and we're going to be using this inner energy imagery, so are my ears are
Gwenevere Abriel: Congested today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well out of it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Figure her a protective figure wise figure. Want to have those in the mind today. So let's really cultivated if you weren't able to put him completely together before
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put them together today. So which one seems the easiest one to summon up a protective figure, make it be real or imagined.
Marianne todd: Protected for your
Uh huh.
Marianne todd: Um, I would say my step dad. There we go. He stepped out
Gwenevere Abriel: And is it all of him, or just parts because I don't want there to be ambivalence, because we're going to need to be pulling this in as a resource for you.
Marianne todd: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no mixed. I, for some reason, I have in my mind that he did something negative to you and
Marianne todd: Yeah, but like, when he had done the things that he done. He was on drugs really bad.
And
Marianne todd: Yeah, so every since he's been sober. He's a completely different person. And so me and him are actually really close now. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's this sense of the real him the authentic.
Marianne todd: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay step.
Marianne todd: I was never able to understand that till I went through what I went through. But now I do when now we're really close because of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey. And what about a nurturing figure real or imagined. I know this one might be difficult, but it can be a combination of fantasy things you've read seen images animals that can be whatever you want, nurturing,
Marianne todd: Nurturing, I can say, my mom because I WASN'T THERE IN EVERY WAY BUT nurturing is one thing she was
Gwenevere Abriel: And why I think the last figure
Marianne todd: I would honestly have to say bonito.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And so for now kind of close your eyes and really breathe into picturing protective figure in Step Dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure, his movements his actions. His face his temperament, the sense of being surrounded by this protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And then have this nurturing figure join the room with you this creating this whole team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of a protective figure your mom, the imagery of really embodied in that, uh, that nurturing behavior and she's in the room to
Gwenevere Abriel: And then this wisdom that comes
Gwenevere Abriel: With Benito in this figure, and that they're all their
Gwenevere Abriel: surrounding you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you feel as you imagine this.
Marianne todd: Quote calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: calm and happy.
Definitely want that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for
Gwenevere Abriel: A distancing metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to picture something where, let's say something distressful comes up and you want to put some distance the containers. Kind of cool. That's where we box it up and leave it until we meet again, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: But for distancing. Let's say we want to just distance it but want to be able to still work with it, but we want to put a little bit of distance. Try and picture, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: What this feeling you had this confusion this mixed message, maybe about Benito his response or what happened at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just picture maybe on a river that it's floating
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe on a log or on a leaf and it's passing. It's just drifting away from you while you stay on the riverbank
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a distancing metaphor or for you. It might be a train car like you can see the train and it's in one of those train cars and that train is continuing to pass away on the train track.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you, what what metaphor comes up with. I want to have this distance where it's a way for me and it's moving away.
Marianne todd: I would say on the beach in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and it being on a boat.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a boat Myrtle Beach and it's sort of driving away.
Marianne todd: Yeah, got
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, I'd like you to think about, you know, that zero to 100 thing I want you to think about maybe something
Gwenevere Abriel: That we can start with one of these things that has been disturbing you this week, or sort of present in your life. Which one would you want to focus on. Do you want to focus on the one that happened with I was extremely upset with the Neato or do you want to do the one at work.
Marianne todd: Going on with Benito okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And how distressing zero to 100 was that
Marianne todd: All right, definitely say 100
Gwenevere Abriel: I was 100
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what feelings you had, what were the emotions there.
Marianne todd: I was really frustrated and hurt weight.
Marianne todd: And I just felt really defeated. Yeah.
Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: And as you think about it. Now, is there any awareness in the body.
Marianne todd: I'd say like my whole body like just fills Ken's then
Marianne todd: Like just, I don't know how to explain it just really tense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whole body feeling tense. And when you think about that event.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it say about you. What's this belief you have about yourself and you think about this event.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting it sort of this belief about who you are and a negative cognition. So I want you to think about how you're thinking about this event and how to play it out and frustrated and hurt and defeated and you might know with that belief is about the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: With an I am statement if you can find that
Marianne todd: Like with me being sober. Like, I would say I am extremely loyal.
Marianne todd: And just a fighter. Like, I don't know.
Marianne todd: How to explain. I'm just a fighter and a hard worker and
Marianne todd: My love for him isn't enough that it's worth it. You know what I mean.
Marianne todd: Like it's worth fighting for, like, I don't know how to explain it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your love for Benito is worth fighting for.
Marianne todd: Yeah.
Marianne todd: Okay, so like I have a lot of fight in me and a lot of loyalty and me when it comes to my love for him. You know what they mean. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those sound like you tell me positive beliefs about yourself.
Marianne todd: Is that right
Gwenevere Abriel: You do like those. Yeah, I think fighter. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, very nice, very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't you for a moment. Let's do a little deeper work. Let's do some bridging to something maybe in the past. I want you to become aware of when you were in the argument. You said you were in a distress of 100. It was one of the worst experiences you've ever had. Is that right,
Marianne todd: Maybe will be you.
Marianne todd: Well,
Marianne todd: I guess I rated thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's okay let's, let's, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's not
Marianne todd: Let's okay yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: What we're doing it would
Marianne todd: I would say at least 75 to 80 then
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, speaking number you got you've got five numbers in there 75 to 80 let's get as close as you can do exactly what you want.
Marianne todd: Ad
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it. There we go. All right. And so you're at an 80 and feeling frustrated or undefeated and at the time. Do you remember what negative thought you had at the time.
Marianne todd: Oh yeah, like my negative thoughts were
Marianne todd: Like, how are used to view myself.
Marianne todd: Like, and I think that's what made it so hard, because when I was using I even though I loved him. I didn't have that loyalty anymore and I didn't have that care. So it takes me right back to that with him thinking
Marianne todd: That I'm cheating on him.
Marianne todd: Like, it makes me feel like an old person again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am what I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are hard. Take your time. They're hard to get to
Marianne todd: Work really hard, like I just
Marianne todd: It's the thought of being useless.
Marianne todd: Of being
Marianne todd: I don't know, just cold hearted selfish.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that night. You remember thinking to like I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I I'm useless.
Gwenevere Abriel: To remember that one.
Marianne todd: Yeah, like, yeah, like that's the first thing that popped in my head. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold on to that and let's do some bridging and see if you can find the earliest time where that I'm useless. It's all. See if you can go back in history.
Gwenevere Abriel: The earliest age and the most intense, we had a sense I am useless.
Marianne todd: I would say when I was 19 and my son got taken away for me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you feel as you think about that now.
Marianne todd: I still feel sick to my stomach thinking about it.
Marianne todd: I just feel a lot of anger and
Marianne todd: Hate towards that whole situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Toward
Marianne todd: My ex husband and his mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a little, little desensitization. Let's do some bilateral stimulation. So this is new for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me tell you what this process is
Gwenevere Abriel: What this is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a bit of exposure therapy and it's integrating will be installing some positive cognition will be installing some of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Positive nurturing figures, we're going to be doing all of that, but a really important piece of this is the desensitization so noticing that you're crying that some of that activation is present now.
Gwenevere Abriel: what this can do
Gwenevere Abriel: This bilateral stimulation is
Gwenevere Abriel: You sensitize dulled down the emotional impact without event.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want to bring in weave in the positive, so it's not going to feel like this all day with me, but there may be some distress as you bring it into the working memory. Okay, so this is what I'm going to be asking you to do so that you know what's coming. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice you just went somewhere important, that means it's still really intense.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm going to be doing is I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now you can stop what you want member, you can do this or stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying is the following. Okay. Mary and I want you to bring up that image I want you to picture the worst picture of that image of that memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to bring up the negative cognition, I am useless. And then you're going to try your best.
Gwenevere Abriel: To hold it. And while the bilateral stimulation is going on. Okay. And then I'm going to be asking you, I'll be checking in on how the body's doing I'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: On suds or sometimes I may just be going back to back.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to be a lot of processing will be going. It's not like regular talk therapy will just be a quick check in, what's coming up for you, you'll tell me, and then we might go right back to it. Okay, this will feel a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see.
I am going to
Gwenevere Abriel: See if this works. So you're picturing the tops of you can see where you are that your eyes are going to be following my finger at that pace, it will change because when I'm installing something positive, the rate changes my movie, the rate may change. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So remember you can always stop will be doing it for about about 3040 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go, nice deep breath in and exhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Marianne, what I want you to do is I want you to bring up from the hippocampus. Oh, you've got all this stored memory wants to bring it up into working memory. I want you to picture the worst picture. The worst part of that event.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to pull up the I'm useless negative cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to go with that. OK. And now let's look from one to Jerry go back and forth to the tops of those camps.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's breathe in through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what came up for you.
Marianne todd: You're talking about the worst imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Just right now. What's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a quick check in.
Marianne todd: picturing my has been running, not the birthplace on
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I want you to hold that picture that is that the worst thing and then I am useless.
Gwenevere Abriel: And another iteration. Here we go. Let's go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe in together into the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing about yourself.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's hold that go with that that physical right that physical piece sick to the stomach and I feel useless another iteration.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's read them together and exhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go.
Marianne todd: Let me not for you.
Marianne todd: Can't
Marianne todd: Wait, when I think about the day I just wish I would have stopped him. I wish I would have done more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that. Hold that I wish I would have done more picturing that piece and let's bring in the negative cognition.
Useless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: exhale, let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: We upset. What's the feeling word
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing great. Hang in there.
Marianne todd: Just treated and just
Gwenevere Abriel: Disappointed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what just stress level and that
Marianne todd: This for me is like a baby.
Now,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's do some of this positive imagery. What I want you to do now is, let's leave in the team.
Gwenevere Abriel: That team of protective figure of step dad, the nurturing of mom and the wisdom of bonito. I want you to close your eyes and really really do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a moment and very much feel that
Gwenevere Abriel: Just trying to picture the details of what this team like to be surrounded by them now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back then, to see what comes up to you. Give yourself permission to have resource of the team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And once you have it in your mind. I want to do some installment will be doing some bilateral again.
Gwenevere Abriel: But slower.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you kind of have them in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do. So this time we're going to do it but slower want to work hard and hold them in your active imagination right in there picture them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's start.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you find me.
Marianne todd: Know I just keep hearing them told me that it wasn't my fault. I couldn't have known that he was been doing is going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so hold that hold that team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that phrase.
Gwenevere Abriel: Also pull up that worst part ex husband right
Gwenevere Abriel: Walking away with him running out the door with him but feel that sense of the team there with you. Okay, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: This together. Inhale. Nice. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, let it go.
Marianne todd: I don't really know.
Marianne todd: It's hard to explain but a part of me wants to feel better about it and wants to feel like
Marianne todd: I'm doing the right thing now.
Marianne todd: But part of me. Can't let go of all the things that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to go with that. I want you to hold that there's parts that one, that one, that hold that, of course, image of picturing him not, they're running out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a feel, get a feel for that team surrounding you protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom. Step Dad, mom, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're surrounded by that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And seeing this event happen this first piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go without. Okay, here we go.
Let's bring them together. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale
What's coming up for you.
Marianne todd: Really
Marianne todd: Thinking about
Marianne todd: The fact that everything happens for a reason.
Marianne todd: And maybe that's why everything happened because
Marianne todd: If it hadn't been what I've been able to take care of both of my kids with everything that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reason that imagery of that that team surrounded
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture that WORST piece.
Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe in together, inhale through the nose. Oh, and then exhale, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your sort of distressed level. Now you're going to number
Marianne todd: 20
Down to 20
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing about the body and the mind.
Marianne todd: Just a little bit calmer.
feel calmer.
Gwenevere Abriel: This this thought at the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can find the positive cognition, what would you have liked to have been thinking at the time that this happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not I'm useless but would have liked to have been thinking about yourself.
Marianne todd: At
A time
Marianne todd: I would have liked to been thinking a little quieter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now this is listen close. It is a different scale. This is from one to seven. How true is it, seven being absolutely true. I'm a fighter. One is, No, I'm not. How true is it right now. Right. I'm a fighter.
Marianne todd: Seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that this will be the last couple of iterations. I'm a fighter pull up that worst image can do this. He's running out the door. Don't forget, you are surrounded
Gwenevere Abriel: By your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a fighter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pray together in healing through the nose and then exhaling out the mouth, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you.
Marianne todd: Don't know how to explain it like
Marianne todd: Part of me feels comma yes but
Marianne todd: Then the other part of me just thinks about that I wasn't a fighter at the time. Like, I don't know how to explain it.
Marianne todd: Yeah, like almost like regret there that I wish I would have been that way when it happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm a fighter.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is it in that memory.
Marianne todd: Memory.
Marianne todd: Like a four at the time. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So get clear about what's your, what's your fighting for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of get clear in there. Okay. And I metaphor. Let's continue with that metaphor of I'm a fighter. Let's pull up that image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, you're surrounded
By perfect protection nurturing and wisdom.
Last one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Marianne todd: When I think about being a for them. Like, I feel
Marianne todd: disappointed with myself.
Marianne todd: Because I really believe but I was a fighter at the time and I actually was. But I was something that scared the crap out of me make me not fight.
Marianne todd: I would intimidate me too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's the I got scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Though I got scared. I want you to pull in that team pull in pulling that awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: That presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: That team of protective nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am a fighter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what's going on.
Marianne todd: I feel good about the fact that I'm a fighter now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's right you are a fighter. How true is that 1277 being true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely true.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how the body's feeling and attention anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put a little bit of distance
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what would you like to have sort of on that boat in Myrtle Beach.
Gwenevere Abriel: driving away. Would you like to put some distance between where you are now and
Gwenevere Abriel: What's, what's driving away.
Marianne todd: You mean like with the issues that are going on like what issues they want to be voting with
Gwenevere Abriel: What we have what answer comes up when I say, what would you like to be driving away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You like likes to have some distance or
Marianne todd: Like
Marianne todd: It would be made those insecurities and just everything we've been through in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, the insecurities.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, picture that picture, the
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture the insecurities driving away. They're going away further and further away here and really get into that imagery. You can even close your eyes and I want you to surround yourself with nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: The embodiment of wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's left
Gwenevere Abriel: Right that piece of Benito that is wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's leading and going away as in security.
Gwenevere Abriel: And security in someone is dangerous.
Gwenevere Abriel: driving away on the boat.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're left with
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a fighter.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're left with protection nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is this, I am a fighter.
Yeah.
Marianne todd: Emotional or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a sense of confidence, why not confident
Gwenevere Abriel: And you scan your body from your, from your feet up sort of feeling those seat, seeing if there's any any landing of distress or tension anywhere in the body. We're bringing it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and thighs and
Gwenevere Abriel: sit bones and lower back and
Gwenevere Abriel: Stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: fest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come up this hands and our
Gwenevere Abriel: Can move up and see if there's any tension.
Shoulders and
Gwenevere Abriel: Throat
Gwenevere Abriel: Job.
Marianne todd: We don't have anything
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we take the last piece and process with this experience was like for you. So it's your first time doing this. What was this like let me in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you notice what's important.
Marianne todd: I mean, I don't know. It's just really hard. It was really hard to
Marianne todd: Like to stay here and purposely. Think about the whole situation. You know what I mean.
Marianne todd: So what I do everything I can to avoid thinking about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's important about what you did.
Marianne todd: I don't know, I feel like it's important because it just makes me stronger, to be able to look back of it.
Marianne todd: In to talk about it.
Marianne todd: Did you
Marianne todd: Always have the
Marianne todd: Just always have this huge fear about getting emotional and getting upset or thinking about the situation like it just scares me about it. I'm going to end up relaxing because of it because I've just never known how to cope with it. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do a little bit of it in here. Did you bring it up and think about
Gwenevere Abriel: How
Marianne todd: Did you
End up
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you cope
Marianne todd: No, I just have to calm myself down and make myself realized that it was who I was in the policy that's not who I am. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not who you are. You did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you hear me, given some long philosophy, some long lecture. No, you did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did not fall apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sat with that. And you also remember you started at 90 and you move down move down I checked in. I went down to 20 and
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't check in many, many times, but I could have in my guess is it's continuing sometimes it bumps back up and comes back down and it moves as you're running through different beliefs about the self and and things like that, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see that you see that you were able to cope with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How close is this idea of money to escape into heroin or other substance closest
Marianne todd: I don't think it's close. I mean, it's something that every time I even crosses my mind it's like I instantly fight my way out of it.
Marianne todd: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you find it with
Marianne todd: Just my pride in myself now. Like, how much better, right Phil, how much of a huge change. I've seen in myself and not wanting to give up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty important that you remember that, isn't it, that that be true. I'm a fighter and they take pride in doing
Gwenevere Abriel: That negative on that negative one. Notice how when you were talking about with Benito
Gwenevere Abriel: That argument of I feel useless.
Gwenevere Abriel: That helplessness from way back at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is connected. It looks similar. This event this
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Solve this thing with what's going on with can come up that same feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's important that we're leaving
Gwenevere Abriel: Other stuff to
Gwenevere Abriel: That's in the past. What is present is you are literally biologically chemically a different person now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have access to resources ready
Gwenevere Abriel: You have back then.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing when you're at work or when you're about to be around someone that might bring up feelings of distress like useless. Right, well you picture. Some imagery that we did we bring your team and sit with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And surround you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if from that position, you can make a decision that you were proud of because this moment, we have this is the one we could do something with that other one that stuff's in the past doesn't have to be relive this moment anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: So whatever's left over. Let's put it in the container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything we're kind of going to need to put in there for a little while. I could pick it up at a later time can open it up the pink safe or anything you want to leave in there.
Marianne todd: You don't have the flu honestly don't think so. Okay, so there you go. Okay, with everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Excellent. Well, I'm really impressed you worked very hard. You went to a painful place and you work through it all on your own, you did this, you take pride in that you see that right
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't do I did you all I did was point my finger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did it. You that memory in real time. You did not fall apart. You did not play
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's have another time to meet. I want to continue our work together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there medication attached
Marianne todd: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. What does your you can believe it February look like
Marianne todd: Real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: My next client just walked in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a particular day off that you know
Marianne todd: Hold on one second. It's almost done loading.
Okay.
Marianne todd: In February, you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, any worry third through seventh
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look in there.
Marianne todd: Yeah, I'm off on I'm off on the third and on the six
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you've been coming into the Thursday, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday. Monday. Monday. Monday. Alright, so I'm assuming you're sleeping in.
Marianne todd: Well, you know,
Marianne todd: Well, they have me kind of like on mid shifts now so I'm working from like 11 to seven nine to 411 mistakes. So I work in the middle of the day now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I I'm. Let me see if I can pull this off. Let's go for February 3 it. Can I have you on call, just in case I have a no show
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but it. Yeah. And let's schedule for 350 both. In other words, I'll text you if there's an earlier cancellation. But no matter what we can meet at
Marianne todd: 343 15 on the 30th.
Yeah.
Marianne todd: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if I get something earlier. I'll text you if you happen to be free.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you, you go to Groupon on the sex. I better jump out of here and meet with this gal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, good.
Something
Gwenevere Abriel: Reach out to me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There might be
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, fatigue, there might be some things that come up just communicate with me and let me know if something feels a little different, long before you even entertain the idea of acting on on any negative action. Okay, just reach out to me, let me know.
Marianne todd: Okay i will i for now.
Marianne todd: Thank you. Good bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a sound check make sure we can hear each other, check, check, check, check.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, I can't hear you yet. I'm waiting to see if I can hear.
Bryanna Terry: The audio was
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotcha. Now I can hear you loud and clear. Very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're in in this sort of waiting
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, all
Bryanna Terry: I all I'm waiting for is my background checks clear
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's like, every day, you're wondering, you're waiting like they don't know
Bryanna Terry: Well, like she said she'd be calling me sometime this week and I was like, well, because, you know, I still have an like my other job that
Bryanna Terry: I told them this will be my last week, but I was like, well, I wish I would have known you know our last you could have been right. Last week, you know, I wish I would have known that I would kept working
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, going
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, but like everything else that's like my drug screen everything. It's all clear. I'm the only like big sent me the employee handbook and stuff to fill out and everything like that. So I don't know what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Background check. So there's a variable, they work. And when the company is taking longer
Bryanna Terry: So yeah, a lot of things like back east
Bryanna Terry: To so like like my drug screen with back east, and so I guess I don't know. Maybe that could be a
Okay.
Open for you here.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's the communication going with your boyfriend.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your audio just
Bryanna Terry: Um, it's a lot better. We. We. Sometimes we'd have like nor like little you know like fights here and there are like disagreements, but we really haven't had any, um, since the last time we talked
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you attribute that to
Bryanna Terry: Um, well, cuz now I'm trying to like instead of like
Bryanna Terry: Just blowing up. I tried to express like um you know try that. I feel like, and it's helping a lot better because that way I can express my emotions and not just like yella and
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't mind, I'd like to hear a little bit of a specific thing that maybe you said connect check on it because I did hear a little something I want to check in on it.
Bryanna Terry: I love not like it's like like
Bryanna Terry: And
Bryanna Terry: See what what were we doing, oh well, our car that we had just bought like a couple like in December, has a blown head gasket or Blow Blow motor
Bryanna Terry: And oh, like we were still making payments on it. And so like I was really frustrated because I wasn't able to get to work for two days last week. Today I have a car and like
Bryanna Terry: I was getting upset at him, because I felt like he wasn't trying to do anything for me, you know. So instead of like just yelling at him like you're not helping me you're not doing anything. I was like,
Bryanna Terry: I said I feel frustrated when you don't help try to find me a ride because money and work is important to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where did he say, That's beautiful. What did he say to that. Think about his face. What did you do right away.
Bryanna Terry: You're just like, oh, he's like, what, but then you're like, okay, baby all let me see. I'll try to find your island I I'll call my mom.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's really really sit with that for a second. So instead of right yelling and accusing and blaming and name calling even
Gwenevere Abriel: If what you're telling me is true.
Gwenevere Abriel: He seems like he was surprised by the way you
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you guys talk
Gwenevere Abriel: talk at all about how you were talking, did he go what what are you why are you talking so weird.
Bryanna Terry: Kinda us like what is that like, what, what did you say in the US, like what
Bryanna Terry: I thought of you do or learn to do that. Or why did you learn to do something like that in that area. And I was like, well, my
Bryanna Terry: Bright heart. She taught me how to good instead of just in that way we can communicate better and he said he likes it. Oh.
Very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's keep it going.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming you're liking the effect because that's one of those things that you want is to have this improved communication. You don't want to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of yelling it upset showing your feelings you want to share your feelings and you, you did an experiment. And it worked. He looked he noticed the difference. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and that argument, if you are really looking at how long that argument might have lasted had it gone the other way. How long would you have been pissed off at each other.
Bryanna Terry: On Broadway, the whole day.
Bryanna Terry: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Look how efficient that is gets done.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's because when you think about human beings, we think about why do we bother to say anything at all to do anything at all, we're motivated by our emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm drawn to this is going to be exciting. I'm curious about. It's interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or Oh, this is so immersive. I don't want to have anything to do with that we're driven by those intense emotions. Right. So why on earth would we not talk about those. They're the reason why we're bothering to talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Or the reason is the reason why not having this car available right. It's why we're bothering to address it with your sweetheart. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because you feel strongly. So it's efficient. Let's talk about the underlying emotion and you did it and it moved very quickly because now he doesn't have to interpret what you're doing. You don't have to analyze it. He doesn't have to try and read your mind he literally heard you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Knows exactly how you're feeling and why
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a very direct way of communicating and then oftentimes it's just done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So can we play with the flip side of that, how you can also, can we review a little bit of the mirroring
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, that's a hard one to do
Bryanna Terry: Yeah. Sorry, I'm a little bit sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why did you not take your medicine. Did you take last what's going on.
Bryanna Terry: Oh no, I have a an upper respiratory infection.
Bryanna Terry: So,
Bryanna Terry: Rid of that failure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, as I recall, you're actually pretty naturally good at the at the mirroring
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me check in on it. You did the I feel, which is powerful and that that is something you're going to be able to use everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, the mirroring is a really good one. And it's awesome for kind of tense situations and it work too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, very convenient where we just sort of regurgitate what we heard. Yes. Did you have a chance to play with that new skill.
Bryanna Terry: No, not yet. After like we did like cool because we bought a new car and stuff. And so it's been kind of like
Bryanna Terry: Not getting stressed, I guess, and there's not much to fight about
Bryanna Terry: But I do want to try it. I have been looking I've just kind of waiting for an opportunity, but nothing has a Rosa.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get ready for it. Let's think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Put something here. Give me boyfriends names, just so I don't keep calling a boyfriend.
Bryanna Terry: named Adam Howard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Adam. So at
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you to picture something that typically when Adam, let's find a place for me to land because I'm getting a little notch nauseous with like the screen moving so much plot me down on a couch or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so picture something that out of might say, or you might get hurt or offended.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might feel Shane activation. You might feel guilt. You might feel a boundary has been crossed. See if you can find something that's kind of a powerful experience and he really knows your button.
Bryanna Terry: And he
Gwenevere Abriel: Pushes it anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you got one.
Bryanna Terry: You got well like
Bryanna Terry: He know like, Well, I guess I like things done a certain way, like I'm real OCD, like, you know, if I clean. If I make something in the kitchen I clean up right away or you know I clean up a mess. Or, you know, clean out the counters or something and
Bryanna Terry: Now he's kind of the opposite. He's real messy so like a
Bryanna Terry: You always tells me like you can't control everything. Or I'll do it my own way and
Bryanna Terry: I just, I guess I started to freak out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's the I will do it my way.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah. Or like, like I give them suggestions on how to do things. You know that I normally do day to day that he's like you know taking over for me and he's like, I'll do it my way. And then it's just a whole mess.
Bryanna Terry: Okay, it wasn't he wasn't really saying anything or, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm going to put I got that written down. I think we'll come back to that one. Let's do a different one. Let's do one where
Gwenevere Abriel: Adam shares with you, his frustration over something he has been offended.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you have pushed his button.
Bryanna Terry: Um,
Bryanna Terry: When I like tell them how to do things because then like I get frustrated because he doesn't listen to me. Sometimes I get real mean with them and like you know column names and stuff. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does, what does he say when you are mean and call names. What does he do and say.
Bryanna Terry: No, and he tells me I don't need to act like a fucking beep. And that I can't control everything. And I just need a and because it's not done my way that that doesn't mean you're done good
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I got it. It's about
Gwenevere Abriel: This control thing and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That that statement if I'm, if I'm out. And I'm saying I I'll do it. I'll do it my own way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop being such a I'm assuming it's it's a bitch word is that without air.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not offended by those things and it's useful if we can sort of get into it, unless you really don't want to be swearing, for some reason, I mean that's what actually is going on, we might as well use the right words.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. Yeah, I wouldn't want to swear, but I'm down with all the words.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what people are talking to each other like that. We got to use the right ones. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard. This is probably going to be hard for you to do. So we're going to do an easy one first.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to mirror me and mirroring is it starts with this phrase. Let me see if I heard you right. Let me see if I heard you correctly, let me see if I got that. Let me see if I'm hearing you see, do you see how they're all in common. It's a I'm checking in to see if I'm hearing you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how you're going to start and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do an easy one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I miss
Gwenevere Abriel: Going and find Adam I'm saying it really kind of benign one. I'm assuming it's benign, because it's not what you're saying here, so I miss
Gwenevere Abriel: Going out on weekends and
Gwenevere Abriel: And not having to think about responsibilities. So I made that up. Obviously, to ensure that with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, I don't know if I told you I've got this year condition. It's really bad today. Yeah, I gotta flip my head up some down so
Gwenevere Abriel: Here I'm going to do it again. And you're going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: The script of
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I understand what you're going through right now. You can switch it up. So it's like more your style of talking, it doesn't have to sound like a robot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, until you get your groove.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and keep in mind also he already knows that you're playing with communication skills, you can always be light hearted and say, well, I'm trying this mirroring thing on that, that when taught me.
Gwenevere Abriel: To show you that I am listening to you. I'm not putting in my own opinion. I'm not putting in there. My own analysis.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because sometimes people are like, don't be saying the same stuff. I just said you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So sometimes that can be the response. So I'm getting you ready for this other truth which is I
Gwenevere Abriel: It may seem like that, yes, but its intention. Its purpose is to show you
Gwenevere Abriel: That I'm not making it about me in this moment that I'm really listening to you. And then if we want it. You know, if you're interested in my interpretation or what I plan to do with it. Okay, fine, but I'm practicing really just listening.
Hearing
Gwenevere Abriel: We get we're so quick to ALREADY HAVE OUR OUR REBUTTAL already stacked up our sort of list of evidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: In context of people are saying how it's not true.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, that we
Gwenevere Abriel: skipped over that we have to listen to our sweetheart, we have to show them that we are holding and containing their information. Okay, so all that aside, blah, blah, blah, blah. Back to role play. Here we go. I say to you,
Gwenevere Abriel: REALLY MISS going out on the weekends and not having to think about all these responsibilities, if you were just to mirror. Remember, it's exactly what I'm saying, especially if I use an emotion word. What do you say to me.
Bryanna Terry: So let me see if I heard you correctly, you missed going out on the weekends and doing activities.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then there's a couple more pieces. Then you say, Did I get that right. Did I hear that right
Bryanna Terry: Did I get that right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And does it seem like I have more
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then you say, If you suspect like the face is kind of turned away or you know something, they're kind of hold back.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say, Is there more. Did I get that right. And then is there more so it starts with, let me see if I got that right. And then it's
Bryanna Terry: Is there more
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, did they get that right, and is there more like giving them a chance. Like, you're not going to just be laying out your rebuttal. You're going to create this wide open plane for them to get out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so there is more I might say is out of my mind. So yeah, and I'm I'm lonely.
Bryanna Terry: Let me see if I can just write your lowly
Gwenevere Abriel: So I notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how at the end of your sentence is a question mark alone Lee.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't go out on the weekend notices a little question mark. You don't have to do that. Make a statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to ask in real time. You're going to actually say, Did I get that right. You don't have to have that question mark with just the tone. You don't have to do that, you're going to literally ask it. You see the difference.
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, you did. So now let's go actually into a real one. You did great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try, try to not do the good question tone right and give it a shot. Here we go. So I'm going to be added in this time it's going to be more real, okay, because now I know what's really going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because there's a dynamic between you two you have strong preferences about how things need to be done, and when they're not done your way, you kind of go off the rails, a little bit right even
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said your mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Bryanna Terry: Name call. Yeah, well, it gets to that. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this him doing it your way is very important to you.
Bryanna Terry: Well, not my way, but like clean and efficient.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those whose ways. And if that's not your way. What have who determines efficient and clean. Isn't that you're
Bryanna Terry: already are. But all I asked you to do is clean up after you're done, or to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is probably going to be hard for you. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can mirror. Now remember, mirroring does not mean you agree, you get that
Gwenevere Abriel: It is just saying I can listen to what you're saying. I can, I can hear your perspective, that's a big piece and communication is the listener has to be able to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. I'm Adam. This is what I say. I say, my gosh. It's just you're such a pitch, which is just lay off everything doesn't have to be your way.
Bryanna Terry: Let me see if I heard you correctly, think of a bitch and everything doesn't have to be my way. Did I get that right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm sick of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like back off.
Bryanna Terry: Is
Bryanna Terry: Is that it is you
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted you want to mirror that second piece.
There was more. It was morrow.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how it's hard to do. Did you see that because this is more real. And did you notice it was harder to listen to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That's because we're activated our defenses are up the threat response has kicked in.
Bryanna Terry: It does not mean you agree it's just mirroring. It's just showing me
Gwenevere Abriel: This last part when I said yeah and and I want you to just back off.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do it. I'll do it my own way.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can hear that back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now with a question mark at the end.
Bryanna Terry: I mean, that's good. I mean, I don't know, I just, I don't see myself using this one. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. I know it feels super awkward. It is there's more to it than just, oh, I'm gonna do it like that. Right. Does it feel robotic or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why you're saying, yeah.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what do you know why it doesn't seem realistic to do you know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I wonder, wonder why you don't want to do it.
Bryanna Terry: All I just
Bryanna Terry: I don't mean like what the fuck are you doing, what are you
Bryanna Terry: What do
Gwenevere Abriel: You think he would do that.
Bryanna Terry: I really forgot. Oh, why
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you doing it. Why are you communicating differently. Why are you showing him you're listening. See if you can answer that. Why would you do that.
Bryanna Terry: Well, yeah, don't draw new ways innovation, when you
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man, I'm Adam and I say, Why are you talking like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you say to me.
Bryanna Terry: Into a meeting with you. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to kill you. I'm listening. So, and you think that that's ridiculous.
Bryanna Terry: To show your sweetheart that you're
Bryanna Terry: Just wondering you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why, why
Bryanna Terry: Is unnatural. It doesn't feel like something I could do with him and
Bryanna Terry: May the, the other one. Yeah, that's been helpful. But this one you just be like, who is it like us like drew like people a mock him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that's the one you just found it. That's it, that we just found that's the mock that's common what you just said. I think what you're saying is you're concerned if i'm out i'm right you're concerned that I'm going to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Angry, not only at you're trying to control me but also now. You're mocking me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's going to add another layer is that right
Bryanna Terry: Yeah yeah
The only thing is
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't doing this from a therapist perspective, you weren't doing this from a perspective of integrating a new way of communicating. You never said no I'm genuinely
Gwenevere Abriel: Try not to make this moment about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm genuinely showing you. I love you and care about the fact that you're feeling controlled i i'm working on myself right now, I'm just listening and I find this awkward to I find that okie and control.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you feel like I actually heard you, Adam.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have to keep repeating your words, but do you hear that I can hear you don't want to be controlled. You don't want to have to do it my way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now does that sound disingenuous.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Doesn't sound mocking anymore does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Know if that's why we kept pushing because if we really understand what the concern is
Gwenevere Abriel: You can share why you're doing it, but you're going to have to have buy in Briana, if you think it's just the stupid crap you won't be able to sell it to
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, so that's why we're doing it in real time right here. We're doing this role. Remember I said the real one is going to feel more difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it is notice your natural light. I can predict. Oh, he's going to get like stop talking like that. Knock it off. Don't make fun of what I'm saying, I don't want to hear my own words, slapping BE BACK IN THE FACE RIGHT.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but then you say i i i get i get that I'm saying your words back at you. I'm doing it because I don't think I've been showing you. I'm listening. In the past, and I want to
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to show you. I'm actually hearing you. Before I give you know before I give you my perspective on it. So, no, I'm not making fun of you and this is hard to do. It's hard to actually just be a listener.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How hard it is. How hard is it for you to really just listen.
Bryanna Terry: Um,
Bryanna Terry: It depends.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll notice, around, around, even this concept around clean
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, Oh, you have a preference. Right. And notice, have you like knows how hard can it be just freaking clean it.
Bryanna Terry: Well, yeah.
Bryanna Terry: It depends. Like, I'm like the person, place, thing.
Bryanna Terry: I
Bryanna Terry: Don't know. I guess I talked to, I can talk to anybody. I'll start talking to somebody in the Walmart line grocery store alarm. So like, I've always been very opinionated.
Bryanna Terry: And
Bryanna Terry: Nobody is nobody. They're both amazing so chill out and get along.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, I can hear you. Let me see if I heard you correctly. Wait, wait, wait, let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I heard you say I am fascinated and I talked to people in a line, let's say, at a store and then I didn't hear you. You're on what happens when you talk to people in a line.
Bryanna Terry: Well, like I don't know. It's very social. But like, I'm like, I guess with opinionated, nobody's ever told me anything until I don't belong. So
Bryanna Terry: No trouble.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got a connection issue. So hold on. Nobody's ever told me
Gwenevere Abriel: And just say it really clear ever told me why.
Bryanna Terry: Nobody's really told me anything about being opinionated before like a pilot kept quiet around me until Adam came along.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Oh my gosh. So nobody's ever sort of called you out about your opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: About being an
Bryanna Terry: Exact way.
Bryanna Terry: Know my dad's Exact same way so we don't get along, like we don't mean my daughter, we really don't get along.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, good listening to a group to there's a lot more to what's going on with that and just opinionated and is to write
Gwenevere Abriel: It was quite quite some stories in there. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. Alright, so what's this like to both love Adam and happy called out on the strong opinions you have what's this like for you.
Bryanna Terry: Um,
Bryanna Terry: It's conflicting like
Bryanna Terry: You just always as usual stubborn or like everything doesn't have to be your way. And I'm like, Well, yes, it does. And so like we fight for a little bit.
Bryanna Terry: And then like instead of like next time afterwards, though, I realized I realized I'm being real.
Bryanna Terry: Controlling so I tried to tell him you know like, hey, so like so like telling you how to do things, it kind of like try to instead I'm now I'm trying to, like, yo, suggest ways to do it.
Bryanna Terry: Or like, Hey, babe. You know you instead of like yelling at him. Now, I tried to be like a baby. You know, you forgot to clean up the counter or hey, could you clean up the counter for me or you know
Bryanna Terry: And so he's starting to do like a like he's starting to pick up like we made pork chops there night and he played off the counter from all of our bread crumbs and stuff. And like he he helps me, actually he's doing a lot more. So it's not in like as much
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're noticing you're changing your delivery.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, so
Bryanna Terry: I love him. I don't want to yell at him, or like talk down to them, you know, I don't want to thank you
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, I just don't want to talk down to them. So like I'm trying
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all about communication and delivery. Let's go a little deeper. Let's go at the need to
Bryanna Terry: Start. Let's go.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little deeper into the need to control
Gwenevere Abriel: Lets you and I have, what would be called a Socratic dialogue. I'm a real person. Okay. And it doesn't mean what I'm about to say is my actual opinion, but it will get you to really see what you really do believe in. So we're going to get in a kind of argument.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're, you're not going to really know what I actually believe in, but let's just see. Let's have a little argument of our own.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm back to this clean
Is it a fat.
Gwenevere Abriel: That being clean is the right that his picking something up, let's, is it a wet towel on the floor like what's the thing he does the kitchen stuff in the same. What's the thing
Bryanna Terry: Like okay, for example, he is. He makes some butter finger shakes with Butterfinger ice cream and he puts like buttering up or you know like
Bryanna Terry: He makes like he gets the mini buddy beers and put them in there while he smashes a month before you put them in there and we opened the damn containers. You know, like chocolate goes everywhere, or it's all over the calendar and he just leaves it doesn't pick it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now that feeling you have that tell me the emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it
I'm
Bryanna Terry: Just like frustrated or, you know, like, I'm like, How can you not like I'm giving you just like allegiance leave it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold on, you know, clean up there for a second. Stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of own that I feel frustrated when you take the cap off and sticky stuff is everywhere. Now hold on to that you can you put me down for just a second. Brown, I'm getting a little queasy.
Bryanna Terry: I don't have anywhere to put you or was
Bryanna Terry: Just good coach or so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep that in mind for future sessions we want to have some hands are going to be free. Some of our work you'll be standing
Gwenevere Abriel: We do some with not just us sitting here in touch chit chatting sort of here, we're going to be doing some other kinds of interventions. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can get that that planning ahead anyway let's focus here so I feel frustrated when really sit with that I'm feeling is frustrated stickiness is everywhere. The here's the next piece I want you to identify
Gwenevere Abriel: His treatment of you. What is it that that says about who you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: What meaning do you make of what's going on. What does it say about your value, what's important. What does it say about
You
Bryanna Terry: I'm Allah, he doesn't really listen to me.
Bryanna Terry: Okay, because I tell them all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So can you you know over. Yeah, over and over and over. He doesn't listen
Gwenevere Abriel: What meaning you make of that, what does that say about who you are.
Maybe our girls.
Bryanna Terry: Oh, no.
Bryanna Terry: Oh,
Bryanna Terry: You're almost when I talk
Bryanna Terry: When I don't want you to listen or no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Finish the sentence picture it happening over and over it already does it happens again and again the emotion is frustration. The belief about yourself. What do you believe about yourself, but that keeps happening. What do you believe about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll know it by finishing the sentence.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
What do you believe
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't spend a lot of time to sit a little longer with it. It'll come to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: keeps happening. People keep doing the same thing over and over
Gwenevere Abriel: Leaving a sticky mess. I'm frustrated feeling frustrated
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can find out
Gwenevere Abriel: What, meaning that has about who you are.
Bryanna Terry: Sit there.
Bryanna Terry: Push over
Bryanna Terry: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your opinion about pushovers
Bryanna Terry: I don't think I'm one, but maybe I am
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your opinion about pushovers
Bryanna Terry: Like they're easy to manipulate
Bryanna Terry: You know, like
Bryanna Terry: Just do anything you want. And you're not like they're not gonna do anything about it.
Bryanna Terry: What's your
Gwenevere Abriel: opinion about people like that.
Bryanna Terry: Like oh there we
Gwenevere Abriel: Go. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now back up. And let's see how much of that is actually true, though. Okay.
Bryanna Terry: Yes, here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice, like, get the imagery of picturing him again. You've asked him three times four times. Put the lid on, right, the sticky, bam it splashes everywhere again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're feeling frustrated
Bryanna Terry: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Use this belief about yourself is coming up.
Bryanna Terry: See if it's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I don't say something and make him hear me, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: If I don't make him change I'm weak, see if that's true. Don't. Don't answer me right away. Briana sit with it really get in there and see if what we're talking about is true if he doesn't change if he doesn't do it my way. I'm weak.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a pushover. I'm easily manipulated.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if that's true.
Bryanna Terry: No, I wouldn't say it's true but like
Bryanna Terry: Why
Bryanna Terry: Like why no I didn't keep happening. Unless, I say something like, I mean, even if I say something, nothing happens. Well, it's like one ear and out the other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. The fact that he does that, let's keep at this, we didn't find the core beliefs. Yet what does it say about you that he keeps doing it.
Bryanna Terry: I don't know. He doesn't listen to me.
Bryanna Terry: Know I
Bryanna Terry: Think about what I have the same
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does that mean that he doesn't think about you.
Bryanna Terry: I don't, I don't know.
Bryanna Terry: All I can think of is doesn't listen to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, if, if someone doesn't listen to you. What does that mean,
Bryanna Terry: They don't care what I have to say, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Gwenevere Abriel: So find out if that one's
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not cared for. Now let's try that one on. Okay, ready
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture him doing it again and again and again, leaving a mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel frustrated. That's the emotion and imagine that the meaning you make out of it is I'm not cared for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, does that one feel true
Bryanna Terry: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you know, you're cared for.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you see him leaving things on the floor, the couch. The table in the kitchen, leaving things out and spoiling and leaving a mess. When you see those things again and again and again is not listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: In instead of
Gwenevere Abriel: Spending time going Why Why Why Why Why Why Why Why and changing
Gwenevere Abriel: And changing him instead of changing him instead to check and see
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm cared for. I know my sweetheart. Adam loves me and I'm cared for, because when something like really significant happens. He's got my back.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am cared for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not because he cleans the way I want things cleaned and cared for.
Gwenevere Abriel: In more meaningful ways
Gwenevere Abriel: Just imagine that you had access to that throughout the day. How do you think you'd feel around him.
Bryanna Terry: It would be a lot different.
Bryanna Terry: Because we're appreciative or more loved
Gwenevere Abriel: So what did you notice I pushed very hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: You pushed really hard and you hung in there for it. This is a moment to sort of process what this was, like, what did you notice what you just said and what you're what you're thinking about
Bryanna Terry: Um, but you're like, you're right. Instead of like trying to, like, get him. I guess just do everything. Why we just try and see like why he has his way or you know under stand not everything's gonna be my way
Bryanna Terry: And it's okay if it's not my way
Bryanna Terry: Everybody has their own way of doing things.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is it
Gwenevere Abriel: You are cared for.
Bryanna Terry: Very
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you are valuable.
Bryanna Terry: Even
People don't listen
Gwenevere Abriel: You're valuable and important.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember this
Gwenevere Abriel: is valuable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even when he makes a mess and doesn't do it my way.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can get there this week.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to give you a little mantra, a quick one that will help you remember to turn that switch
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a pretty powerful one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically Briana people spend a lot of energy trying to be right. In other words, it's logical. Hey, Adam. It's logical. You don't want a sticky mess the ants come the bugs. Come on my clothes stick to it. Everything sticks to it, it's you know, it's going to get solid, it's gonna, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll lose our deposit like there's lots of logic right and you want to spend your time being right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a really interesting dynamic that's going on when we're busy trying to be right.
Gwenevere Abriel: The other person.
Is what
Bryanna Terry: Wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And who wants the person we love to be in a one down position.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever want our sweetheart to feel wrong. Somebody has to if you're busy being right.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the reasons why people do it is because deeply unconscious
Gwenevere Abriel: They get a sense of value of the self when they are right again and again and again. They're right there. Right there. Right there. Right, I'm valuable if I'm not right, this person not saying this is conscious. A lot of times, this is goes unconscious might leave me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might lose this thing. I love
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not about, you know, chocolate on a counter anymore. It's about something much, much bigger.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now back to the mantra haven't said it yet throughout the day. You know how I said, see if you can get to that space. See if you can get there by remembering the following I choose curiosity over being right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I choose it. In other words, in the moment of a sticky kitchen just instead of storing up all of the reasons why what he's doing is wrong. And once you do, imagine in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: That this man, he's really just focuses on his sweet treat. He's just up in there just just so and oblivious to the world just
Gwenevere Abriel: What a childlike spirit and see if you can actually ask him a question and open hearted question. Oh, tell me about the one you're making you put an extra ice cream in it. Have you ever put any nuts in it.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not trying to be right, not trying to even almost control manipulate him, but rather just accepting who he is.
Gwenevere Abriel: I bet you're going to have some interesting information. The next time we meet
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I bet you're going to be able to inform us how often the need to be right, come up
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I mean someone else has to be wrong. But if instead we're just curious.
Gwenevere Abriel: We soften our heart opens
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're not ready to pounce on someone.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can use that this week.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, you worked hard today.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, I sure hope that background.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something today. I hope you get it right away and you have a sense of scheduling.
Gwenevere Abriel: But as soon as you do if you can remember to reach out to me so we can schedule them. You know what I mean.
Bryanna Terry: Yeah, I will definitely I'm actually going to call them once we get off here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is, do I need to message a doctor about
Bryanna Terry: That Dr. All women he he bridged me or he gave me till yesterday because we were going to eat together and get my schedule. See, let me tell you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The task for you. Yesterday was actually to reach out to me and tell me the schedule that part got on and I reached out to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It all work to help
Bryanna Terry: Button. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so let's do this. I'm going to text. This we use this black program. Let me send the message right now.
Bryanna Terry: Okay.
Okay, so we've got
Bryanna Terry: As far as i know i mean i unless I hear something else today or next couple days. I'll be in group Friday far as I know, but like I said I'm going to try and call the HR department right now if you have to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we'll just go with that for now. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then text me if you learn anything and help us kind of organized because the sooner you do it, the more options you have next week because I get booked up like super quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, girl. Be good to
Gwenevere Abriel: Choose curiosity. Choose curiosity over being right.
Okay.